
Nicer blackboard:
    Tech actually sends canvas data
    Render text+mathjax into canvas?
    iPad compat

    New features:
        Minimap? = Discrete zooming?
        
        More robust peer matching system?
        Maybe each user has just one big blackboard for all their work.

        Some non-euclidian space stuff?

    patrickrall.com/blackboard/?wordoftheday
        If you go in without 'wordoftheday', it will pick a random word for you, and claim it.
        if 'wordoftheday' has not yet been registered, claim it yourself
        host/client mechanic has nothing to do with data stored, just with how users connect
        and even then, they don't really notice.

    
    Data:
        Each user has several blackboards
            Data is saved to file. 
                That solves the 'ownership' problem.
            Maybe a PNG?
            But PNG means you have to store the empty spaces too...

        Multiple files on a single screen:
            Idea: each user can 'drop a pin' that saves the data
                each user can do this independently
                what regions are saved to what pin?

        When you click save:
            "Done" + "cancel" button appears, switching to other tools disallowed
            you click several points, and it automatically loads non-empty
                chunks adjacent to that point into the save
                visual cue to tell you what chunks you are saving + have already saved
            when you click done, it downloads a file containing those chunks

        When you click load:
            It says "3 pieces left" + a "cancel" button, switching to other tools disallowed
            You can click at a point and it will place the chunks there
                Visual cues tell you there is not enough space.
                Maybe an outline of the chunks to be placed.

    Textbox:
        Editable textbox appears at the bottom near toolbar.
        The text in the document changes as you edit it.
        Actually gets rendered into the canvas.



